I think the industry is changing faster
than what we can keep up with when it
comes to steel which is constantly
changing it may not change from year to
year it could change mid model year so
you could have a 2010/2011 vehicle and
the manufacturing process changed
mid-year and have two different repair
processes on the same vehicle when I
started 15 years ago and now you know
they're the way accidents and collisions
and repair processes have changed is
pretty dramatic so when you look at
newer vehicles at our own kind of Road
now I seriously think we have the safest
automobiles on a road that we've ever
had and the technology that's gone into
those automobiles is what helps to save
people
biggest thing that I see in the industry
today that is a problem is it's getting
the correct education to the technician
making him understand what the new
vehicle processes are the new vehicle
content in my opinion the biggest
challenge is getting the information
from the manufacturers on how how they
wants to repair their vehicles the
biggest challenges I think are training
I think the technicians are going to be
constantly looking for and reaching out
for information on how to deal with the
technologies in the vehicle the biggest
challenges we have in this industry in
my opinion is the lack of communication
and the lack of knowledge getting down
to the grassroots of the actual care
process by doing it
the biggest reason it's important to do
correct repairs on today's vehicles is
safety the new designs of the vehicles
the new contents of the vehicle and how
they're - how they are built is making
the repair more challenging for all the
elements of safety are so critical that
when we as manufacturers build such good
cars to protect the occupants it's
imperative that when a car has to be
repaired it's repaired correctly because
not to do this could enter their lives
first of all heat will take a five-star
crash rate of car and turn it into a one
or two it just destroys the properties
in them in the material we need to ask
ourselves do I have the correct tools
and training to repair these vehicles
correctly because if I don't how many
crash stars am I willing to give up in
the next collision
you